feat: migrate aws lambda policy (#109)
gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-aws-lambda: README.adoc

.^|scope
^.^|X

> |The scope on which apply the policy (Deprecated on APIs v4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The scope on which apply the policy (Only relevant for v2 APIs)
```
